option to add past entries
can see past entries in more detail and edit entries
can delete tags
----------------
for tags like alcohol after clickin on alcohol there are extra 
options for amount 1-3 like 1 selection being a beer or 2, 
2 being some more and 3 being a full night party worth
and exercise can select light /medium / hard training and so on
but the selection can be 1-3 for amount but the 1 would be single drink 3 would be hard drinking 

also the selected day shows somewhere the already inserted 
enrties to keep me from acidentally double entrying when i might forget
if i already did it for this day

------

also want to track protein / sugar / carbs intake
I want another tab of "Food":
were i can track if i ate sugar carbs or protein , 
junk (maybe can have junk selection if i click on it it shows extra options like pizza , burger, ) 
,microwave food, store sandwich ,healthy etc
-----

if i send any days entry it will stay on that day not go to the newest day.

i can edit a days entries from the "add entry" place where it shows previous entries
-----

sleep also can be 1-5 so its more accurate 
( the previous entries you can put 3 for medium and 5 for good 1 for bad) 
----

for food i would like the tags to be 
(light - then you press on it and there is another selection for example sandwich, salad etc (can add)) then Meal (selection of :pasta, rice, chicken, meat, salad, (kind of like putting together a meal )) , and junk we already have it like this, sweets : chocolate, ice cream, cookies etc..
i also have a question about how does the algorithm track these if it even can? like if every time i eat ice cream and the next entry or next days are lower or i have heartburn or some pattern emerges does it catch it?


if a day already has entry lets say in the morning and i press on the morning time of day selection can we have the page show that time of days entry. (kind of like edit does)
----

bring out the things that have the most effect on positive or negative
--------

things like heartburn have strong correlation with food, and tiredness with sleep and food type (sugar crashes and carbs), stress has more to do with work and travelling and so on
so these kinds of things should be kept in mind

----

      ----

 insight tab has extra tabs to see sleep effects, and one for food effects, and other for action effects(exercise ,party etc) (in detail)

 maybe some indicator into the dashboard graph for sleep extre setting to show late sleep, (also this in the detailed sleep graph)

..

main dashboard graph can be clicked to go to the day im hovering.

dashboard default graph size is 14d

----

add entry goes to current day by default

----
can we have on the side an overview of the day 

like food :
----



the mood dot in graph is not clickable in the middle for some reason. (others energy and sleep are fine)
----

dark mode setting in settings 


-----


NEED LOGIN and users for privacy and multiple accounts 


.



start tracking screen time, also low medium high is enough i think

.

graph the middle 5 is not in the center of the graph 